HDDS-13371. [Docs] Protect in-transit traffic (#8729)
apache/ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/security/protect-in-transit-traffic.md

    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
-->

This document describes how to protect data in transit within Apache Ozone, both between the cluster and clients, and internally within the cluster.

## Hadoop RPC Encryption

Ozone traffic, whether between the cluster and client, or internal inside the cluster, may be transferred via Hadoop RPC (e.g. client to Ozone Manager). To encrypt client-OM (Ozone Manager) communication, configure `hadoop.rpc.protection` to `privacy` in your `core-site.xml`. This ensures that all data exchanged over Hadoop RPC is encrypted.

```xml
<property>
  <name>hadoop.rpc.protection</name>
  <value>privacy</value>
</property>
```

## gRPC TLS Encryption

Ozone traffic may also be transferred via gRPC (e.g., Ratis write pipeline or client reading blocks from DataNode). To enable TLS for gRPC traffic, set `hdds.grpc.tls.enabled` to `true`. This encrypts communication between Ozone services that use gRPC.

```xml
<property>
  <name>hdds.grpc.tls.enabled</name>
  <value>true</value>
</property>
```

## Ozone HTTP Web Console

> For information on securing the Ozone HTTP web console, please refer to the [Securing HTTP](https://ozone.apache.org/docs/latest/security/securing-http.html) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on securing the Ozone HTTP web console, please refer to the [Securing HTTP](SecuringOzoneHTTP.md) documentation.
```
The link is currently unavailable.
